yo what's up guys today I'm with William
the creator of the five-dollar Rob
challenge and we're gonna go destroy
this challenge and show you how to win
let's go so before I came to this rush
on I actually prepared for this
challenge first we got a black hoodie so
the ROM doesn't stay in your shoes
second we got a USB power bank which is
for a third item a fan a USB power fan
this is the key to winning this
challenge alright let's go get out some
$5 ramen so the hardest part about this
challenge is because the soup is super
hot and it's a long time for it to cool
down so that's why I brought this fan
right here it's gonna blow
so the normal time for this challenge is
ten minutes but I got the creator of
this challenge here I'm gonna finish
this ramen in two minutes I'm going to
show you how to finish the ramen
challenge in two minutes
alright let's go and which one's the
most expensive I'll order that one milky
and sweet let's do it
starting the timer ban right here ready
ready are you ready are you ready
[Music]
what are you doing
[Applause]
[Music]
John Donne
[Applause]
now bro two minutes two minutes and 24
seconds
so guys that's a trick to doing the
ramen challenge you bring a fan and you
bring someone to help you and also you
get the maker rum challenge on your side
and you're blessed $5.00
there you go I just got the fastest time
I did you yeah 24 seconds are you
cheating you have the pen that's not
cheating you guys have no rules against
ID it's not cheating if they want to
come and be my time they can come and be
my path which is she's writing down at 2
minutes and 24 seconds AFP
there we go right and verified right
verify verify it part-time Argos I'm
actually holding the all-time record for
the fastest time right here it's 2
minutes and 24 seconds do you think he
can beat that come do it do me
tag me and I'll come back and beat you
again take it from who thinks they can
beat me
there's a lot of different steps to
creating a viral campaign can you walk
us through the beginning to finish step
by step yeah sure the first step I
always take us to do the research of
what campaign I think will work if
there's a hundred thousand people read
you say you got a job David hi that's
pretty impressive
how did that